Markov property
	:Markov property reers to the memoryless propety of a stochastic process.
	:A stocastic process has the Markov property if the conditional probability distribution of future states 
	of the process( conditional on oth past and present states) depends only upon the present state, not on the sequence
	of events that preceded it.
Strong Markov property
	:is similar to the Markov property, except that the meaning of present is defined in terms of a random variable called 
	"Stopping time."
Markov chain
	:A discrete-time stochastic process that satisfying the Markov property.
latent varialbes
	:are variables that are unobserved. It's also called " hidden variables"
Superpixel
	: is an image patch whih is better aligned with intensity edges than a rectangular patch.
	: can be extracted with any segmentation algorithm.
Gibb distribution/blozman distribution 
	:is a probability distibution/probability meansure/frequncy distribution of paritcles in a system over various
	possible states. 
	ex. temperature meansure by mean of kinertic energy.
Markov random field 
	: is a set of random variables having a markov property described by an undirected graph.
mean field theory/ self-consistent field theory
	:studies the behavior of large and complex stochastic model (large number of small individual components which interact with each other)
	by studying a simpler model. The effect of all the other inidividual on any given inividual is approximated by a single averaged effect
	to reduce a many-body problem to one- body problem.
Random field
	:is a generalization of a stochastic process such that the underlying parameter need no longer be a simple real 
	or integer valued "time", but can instead take values that are multidimensional vectors, or points on some manifold
Graphical Model/ Probabilistic Graphical Model(PM)
	:is a probabilistic model for which a grpah expresses the conditional dependence structure between 
	random variables. 
inner product
	:is used to combine vectors and gives out scalar. 
	eg. dot product is a sebset of inner product. dot product reflect value of one vector on to another vector.
hilton space
	:space where each member can have infinitely many dimension but hte sum of value in all dimension must converge
	to a positive integer.
Gaussian kernel
	:is used as a blur filter in convolution layer. intensity of each array in a kernel has Gaussian distribution.
	where the more interested pixel (middle pixel) is assigned with higher number. 
kernel trick
	:is used to find inner product of vector without directly calculate value for all dimension (infinitely many)
Iterative filters
	:For the strict edge preservation, a single filter still results in large noise away from the edge. 
	A repetitive application of the filter maybe useful to reduce the noise, leading to the idea of combining 
	the filter with an iterative method
Finding edge
	1.color to grey scale conversion. (remove non-edge related information)
	2.gaussian filter. (blur picture. remove high frequency noise, and maintain low frequency noise)
 	3.edge detector. 
Bandwidth
	:if a computation re-uses data, it will require less memory bandwith
	Re-use can be accomplished by:
	1. sending more inputs to be processed by the samew ieghts
	2.sending more weights to process the same inputs.

